GENERAL
------

If you define a module for Tcl and incorrectly define TCL_LIBRARY
then "module whatis" will likely fail with an error message
of this form:
	tcltk(51):ERROR:159: Cannot initialize TCL
when it tries to initialize an interpretor for the next entry.
This will happen if your Tcl was built such that it requires
this environment variable to find the initializing Tcl scripts.
It may also fail if the Tcl version is incompatible.

SOLARIS
-------

IF you really want a static binary, you will have to make sure to
link everything EXCEPT `-ldl' static. This you control with the
option -Bstatic and -Bdynamic. GCC doesn't support this, so you
must call the `ld' directly...

Also, if you have X11 support, and want a static binary in OW3.3,
you must add these libraries as well:

	-lsocket -lnsl -lw -lintl


UNICOS
------

I remember having problems with -O3 on an older version of Unicos.
I'd recommend using -O2 or less for the entire compilation. Perhaps
this bug is fixed in newer versions of Unicos.


ULTRIX
------

With the Ultrix/X11 installation I used, this had to be done:

   * Remove the line #include <X11/Xmu/SysUtil.h>
   * Change -lX11 to -lX11-mit, -lXmu to -lXmu-mit and -lXt to -lXt-mit

I guess this is a poor X11 installation on the machine...


DYNIX
-----

TCL will not compile out of the box. You have to add -DSTRCSPN, and
remove the STATIC type declaration of that function in regexp.c.
Dynix doesn't have a fmod() function either... The fmod.c file from
BSD4.3 works, if you compile with -Dtahoe (!?!). Perhaps the TCL
guru's will add this to the next TCL distribution... But I doubt it!

Dynix is stupid enough to provide a dirent.h file, which only include
sys/dir.h. This causes the autoconfig script to fail. I have reported
this to the maintainers of autoconf. For the time being, you have to
edit config.h after doing the configuration. Replace the line

	#define DIRENT 1
with
	#define SYSDIR 1


GCC
---

If the TCL library is compiled with `gcc', you might have trouble if you
compile Modules with another compiler. If you get a warning about missing
"___main", try adding the gcc library, e.g -lgcc or use a sequence like
`gcc -print-libgcc-file-name`.
